.TH bm 1 "Aug 2009" "btools collection" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
bm \- Command line bookmarking tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bm
[INDEX]                  Return entry at index
.br
.B bm
[TAG]                    Return entry with TAG
.br
.B bm
[TAG] --exec [COMMAND]   Executes COMMAND. Use {} to get bookmark.
.br
.B bm
[OPTION] [ARGUMENTS]
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
Command line bookmarking tool
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-a [DIRECTORY] [TAG]  --add [DIRECTORY] [TAG]  
Adds DIRECTORY under TAG. If no directory is given this command is the same as --add-current.
.TP
--add-current [TAG]  --current [TAG]  
Adds the current directory. If no arguments are given the tag will be set to the top level directory automatically.
.TP
-c   --clear   
Clear the index.
.TP
-d TAG  -r TAG  --delete TAG  --remove TAG  
Remove entry matching tag from the index. If no TAG is given, the top level directory will be used.
.TP
-da TAG  -ra TAG  --delete-all-matching TAG  --remove-all-matching TAG  
Remove all entries matching TAG.
.TP
-e [FILE]  --export [FILE]  
Writes a shell script that can be used to reproduce the bookmarks and directories. If FILE is not given, the script will be written to stdout.
.TP
-h [COMMANDS]  --help [COMMANDS]  
Output help. If COMMANDS are given, output only the help for that command
.TP
-l   --list   
List the whole index. Default action.
.TP
-m TAG  --match TAG  
Output all entries that match TAG on prefix.
.TP
-s [DEST_DIR]  --symlink [DEST_DIR]  
Turns bookmarks into symbolic links. Makes them in the current directory if no DEST_DIR is given.
.TP
-sd   --sort-dirs   
Sort index on directory and save
.TP
-st   --sort-tags   
Sort index on tags and save.
.TP
-v   --version   
Output version information
.TP
-?   
Output location of the bookmark file.

." Use .TP to indent.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
bm -a test
.br
Adds current directory under name test.
.TP
bm -a ../ test2
.br
Adds parent directory under test2.
.TP
bm test
.br
Returns directory tagged test.
.TP
bm 0
.br
Jump to the first entry.
.TP
bm test --exec ls -al {}
.br
Finds directory tagged test, and lists its contents.
.TP
bm -m c
.br
Outputs all the entries beginning with a c.

.SH SEE ALSO
cdbm(1), mkbm(1), btools(5)
.SH AUTHOR
Bart Spaans (bart.spaans@gmail.com)
